docs: clarify IP address input instruction (ENG-3689) (#2297)
united-manufacturing-hub/united-manufacturing-hub: umh-core/docs/getting-started/2-organize-data.md

### Template Variables

> When you entered `192.168.1.100` in the Connection settings, it automatically became available as `{{ .IP }}` in your configuration code. Template variables connect your Connection settings to the processing code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you entered your PLC's IP address in the Connection settings, it automatically became available as `{{ .IP }}` in your configuration code. Template variables connect your Connection settings to the processing code:
```
